hello it is Matt and we're going to do a
funnel review with Mr Ben Kaplan today
so why don't you tell everybody your
business what you do your Revenue level
type thing and then we can get started
yes so we run no ACC and callers where
we help real estate wholesalers flippers
investors listing agents solar companies
roofing companies generate high quality
leads through cold calling at a fraction
of the cost without like thick Foreign
Accents that turn
away prospects so the company's only
been live for about one full year as a
year and a month ago today I was a wagy
and I was cult calling and we went from
around Z to $200,000 of monthly Revenue
within the first 12 months pretty much
all organically through social media
word of mouth and a lot of referrals and
Partnerships now we're at the point now
where we have our bearings the systems
are dialed in it's time to scale in
terms of multiple sides of
marketing okay so in this thing we'll go
over a few different things we'll just
go over your offer just to get the price
point for the viewers we'll go kind of
the click to close so when someone
clicks on your ad to the landing page to
the sign up to the thank you page and
then we'll talk about the sales process
and that should be good for today
so what is your exact offer if someone
comes to you and wants to buy what do
they get for what price so on average
perhaps so this is the offer sheet right
here I don't know if you guys can see it
but what they're getting is a cold
caller who has real estate experience
they're getting the power dialer they're
getting 15,000 records of homeowner data
pull and Skip Trace every single month
we do the training we do the management
you get a free go high level CRM 25h
hour uh
course private Discord where we do
additional training and then access to a
software to help for dispositions and in
terms of what the service looks like per
one caller month a month 3100 a month
four Monon contract 1,699 a month six
Monon 1,375 a month and the more caller
someone gets for the longer duration
lower the price per caller gets so this
is what it looks like for two callers
this is a normal package everything just
gets doubled three callers
and four
callers is that typically normal for
people like if they get two to four
callers yeah it's normal for one to two
I would probably say that's around 75 to
80 uh percent of the people booking onto
the calendar but we have a good
percentage that gets three and four then
our biggest has around
45 I see I got it so we need the wh
clients as well oh yeah so let me share
my screen a little bit here if you can
so I'm going to pull up mine and
realistically what we're trying to do
here today is we're going to probably go
and focus on our paid ads maybe our
content a little maybe the Outreach a
little and Partnerships a little but
we're going to basically see what it
looks like going down to the lead
capture form what the funnels look like
what the email flows look like perhaps a
newsletter and some appointment setting
and perhaps see if we can find any other
ideas to to make this more efficient
just because of the nature of this
business for example probably not going
to be referring too many people away
that's going to be a significant part of
the business anyways probably not going
to have a course or a program just how
it works a lot of the more normal
agencies will do something like that
we're just going to go through it one at
a time so I've pulled up a lot of his
links here and then he has his internal
stuff like his ad manager and his email
flows and his CRM which will provide us
some additional insights so let's get
started cuz Ben really wants to scale up
with paid ads that's what we're if we're
going to hit those a million dollar a
month or more we're probably going to
need to really figure this out so we
have obviously the clickfunnels Clone
website love that I've pulled up some of
the other Industries at the top some of
the about us testimonials that kind of
stuff first thing I always go over is
the search results just because a lot of
people will see your add or they click
on a cold email or they'll watch view
your content whether that's written or
video and they're going to basically
Google you so the more things we can get
to show up here the better and as well
as optimizing some of our search results
like we gotta manage this Reddit one
here for example you got to get a trust
pilot going we might have to get a
school group going we might have to get
all of this kind of stuff going that
when they click on it you know they're
going to get a first impression one way
or the other and it's either going to be
good and it's going to be bad
so if they click onto our no accent
colors page let's just say someone's
clicked on the ad they're doing their
research not much to go off of here we
got probably want to get a cover photo
similar
to Let's this a personal profile but
similar to like what you do here with
you know click here or book a call or
something like that same on the
Instagram we might want to just get
either some pinned posts or something
like that that kind of show what you do
same with the
I think they're called highlights here
just nothing too crazy but just showing
what it's going to be and who it's going
to be for it's going to do a good job
for you same on YouTube probably want to
fill it out probably might want to take
YouTube more seriously this is not the
right YouTube this this is actually my
old boss who when I quit they didn't
like that I went and started my business
and they made a fake YouTube about us
that's there's some AI videos that
they've put if you actually uh listen to
some of these you realize that uh
they're not real and that no real
business would ever be posting it so got
it yeah you want the original one is
official no accent callers we have
testimonials there and then I have my
personal YouTube as well got it I think
on like especially with this stuff
because if they Google your business
name and it comes up like I saw on your
website for example and I think this is
very good we have some of the recordings
of people on it I think like stacking
this if you're not going to post
anything on you like your official one
will be testimonials as well as like
maybe alternating between them when you
don't have enough testimonials you'll
have like some of these and I would get
just it doesn't have to be sick or
anything but just like even to be
consistent just like the same thumbnail
every time across all of them because we
want to look like we are very
professional like this is very big deal
for ads like and lot stuff that a lot of
people don't really focus on or do
anything same with just the cover photo
just like this is good stuff right here
I think your Twitter is going to be the
best one but not a lot of people don't
really understand or know or put any
attention especially if they're running
Facebook ads especially if they're
running Instagram ads and stuff like
that that the more followers the more
engagement anecdotally speaking across
you 500 million plus of AD spend is
going to get you a lot more a lot
cheaper CPM and a lot better CPM so it's
going to be worth making content here if
you want and if you think you're going
to really scale up your ads it's almost
going to be a must in my
opinion so let's go to your ad library
because we just started running ads so
we're gonna see some of them and what I
want to really do is a few things like
one is going to be the we'll call it the
congruency two is going to be the hook
and then the third is going to be the
body so I think you recorded these with
like you have a body and then you have a
bunch of different hooks on the
beginning so yeah so the ones with me we
tested out four different Hooks and the
body is the same for all got it and then
if we go to our website because people
are going to be presumably clicking
through to our website we want to make
sure that's congruent as well and we're
going to look at this on desktop and
then we're going to look at it on the
actual um if we like inspect it and go
to get a general thing about the mobile
but let's go to the ads let's go and see
what we think and then you'll sh your
screen and we'll put in the actual like
what the numbers are saying so all of
these go to this landing page is that
right yep okay sounds good and like when
you in your sales calls and like when
you're explaining people is there
something that really works in terms of
like like explaining it to them like the
top three bullet points or just like a
headline or a oneliner type
thing can you clarify your
question like is this really like when
you're on sales calls is this what you
kind of say to people like we have
affordable forign foreign callers that
have no accent I always talk about the
system and it's in one of my YouTube
videos where a good cold calling
campaign is a pyramid at the bottom the
most important data you have bad data
you're calling broken phones
disconnected lines people who aren't the
home owners doesn't matter how good
everything else is you're going to have
a bad campaign and you have the phone
system and then the skills of the caller
so it's not talking about costs at all
it's about the system that we put in
place that predictably generates you
know motivated seller leads across a
bunch of uh
people okay and is this do you think
you've done a good job at reflecting
what you say in the sales call like
throughout your funnels and emails and
websites so for the website no because
we don't just primarily do real estate
we you know do a bunch of Industries so
the core thesis of what we do is great
overseas sales talent that doesn't have
these crazy Foreign Accents so that's
what the main website's for but when you
kind of get niched down in terms of the
funnels and the automations leading up
to the calls we do Niche it down more
and they get different stuff based on
what Niche they're in or no exactly yep
you got it so let's take a look at some
of these bad boys so yeah just to also
clarify the only funnel that we are
running PID traffic to and our
predominant funnel is this real estate
one that's our bread and butter that's
what we know best that is probably
what's going to have the most unique
information sounds good got it so if we
look at it let's look at some of the
videos
first so this is just somebody you hired
for to do ugc no no this is actually one
of our first testimonials so okay he
actually came to us and he is an
influencer and he scaled his business
with us and you know he refers a bunch
of people over right now and he shot
this for us got it and then this one is
going to be you
yep and these are going to be you and
this is going to be the same guy except
just a different one yep got got it
let's go and look at some of
these so this is a pretty good angle
like a lot of people will use with these
kind of things because when you look at
your ad account later we'll see where
it's going inside the feed versus
Stories versus the explore page versus
reals and there's a few differences
between the two like for example the
biggest difference between the two in
terms of how your ads work are um one
plays with sound automatically and then
in the feed they don't so like that's a
very big important thing when you're
actually making these ads so I don't
think I'm not sure if it's going to
record the sound on this um in the
actual recording here for the video but
we'll see
so the first thing that we have to do
and I would probably edit this back onto
this person is basically if we have to
if we want to be doing this we're
basically want to um put subtitles here
just just in case because this is going
to be put into both the the feed and the
explore page and reals and we really
need and stories and we really need to R
believe know his chin maybe just
actually put something in there you
could use there's a bunch of apps for it
or you could just do it manually just
some like white nice looking captions
because if this plays in the feed
99% well let be realistic about 90% of
people aren't going to even unmute it
and they probably don't have any clue
what he's saying and especially if they
don't know who this is like that's going
to be not very good right another thing
that I would do right away in like the
first few seconds here like a lot of
people are going to talk about usually
like what they're going to call like
most people are going to call it a
verbal hook or just a hook but
especially in these we also kind of want
to have a visual hook so a lot of it is
going like this is a decent visual hook
here but we can even put another one
like back here for example um that
really gets people in so like let's say
your hook is do you want more more leads
or something for do you need more real
estate leads or are you a real estate
broker or wholesaler looking for more
leads you'd have like here three to
seven words more leads for like Brokers
or something and then you can just put
leads in like a different color to like
kind of bold it and make it more
powerful and then you might have just
like a bunch of money in the background
like a very good person to follow for
this kind of
stuff and because it applies to content
and like these kind of ads are more like
content right so this is a really good
guy to follow for this I can't remember
he made a video about it um I'll find it
after if I can't find it
now but having all of that kind of stuff
or you usually have like a statement you
usually have like a power word is how
most people will describe it like so in
this case you know secret here is the
power word so like I imagine the hook
for this video will be like do you want
to know the guru's secret to go viral or
something and now he has this thing with
his power word and then he has like a
visual hook so in this case it's her
MOSI most people when they're teaching
it to you and I think this guy as well
say like you either need to draw
credibility from someone that's more
famous than you you need to give them
like an idea of what they're going to
learn in this video like this turn one
idea into seven hooks is a an idea
basically or you do like a before versus
after type thing where you know you can
just do that right so this one he's
drawing credibility from Trump more
famous than him what he's going to learn
you know something like that and that's
very important in these kind of ads
especially that are going to be in the
feed because people who are in the feed
or in story or in the reals or stories
or the explore page are more like going
to be looking for this type of content
versus just polished ads more and you're
going to go from like I don't know well
review your like hook rates and stuff
earlier but normal people get 10 20% to
50 to 60% if you have it like that
another thing too maybe we'll get some
different testimonials of different like
demographics for example because if like
who's in your ad is going to put like a
big big difference into who it even gets
shown to like this is going to get shown
to primarily younger people like bro
types versus the whales you're going
after are probably going to be people
who are you know in their 40s 50s and
60s and this kind of stuff I know it's a
testimonial but that's not really going
to play well so either we need to either
find people who
um what is it called you either need to
find people who can
actually you know make real testimonials
for us or we can go to like backstage
and we can find different people to do
it and like basically do the same
testimonial or something if it's working
as he did with the same script and we
really want to do that like so for
example you know he's a young white dude
we'll get a young black dude a young
Asian dude you know um Latino dude and
then the same thing with young women and
then old women and then U old men of
every race old women of every race
middle-aged then we get some like fat
some skinny and this really unlocks a
lot of like when you're trying to scale
at least doesn't really matter right now
but a lot of people will just not scale
past a certain number and there's no
specific number I have in mind but
they'll just cap out their ads they'll
like okay it's 4,000 a day every time I
go higher with my ads it the the row as
goes like 90% down right do you know
what I mean so then you unlock a lot of
other
um potential like Tam I guess you'll say
by having all these different people
because one of my biggest clients at my
last agency was they sold like a seaweed
supplement I can't remember what it was
but it was it was just a like no it was
seos no
see I don't want to pull up the client
name here seea
supplement I don't know it was something
like this it was a c mon last supplement
and the business owner was a black guy
and just like 99% of their clients were
just black people the he the owner was
black guy all of his ads had just black
men and black women in them and he's
like wondering why can't I scale and
like black people are not the only
people who are going to get a sea
supplement right so I told him like this
is the reason and then he didn't believe
me but he I he believed me enough to try
it anyway so he got I think a hundred
different ugc videos with just every
like demographic you could think of like
race gender age weight like sexuality
and everything and now his ads would
just start showing to more people like
that and he was able to almost triple
his ad spend with no other changes just
because Facebook's algorithm is now
showing it so that's not going to be a
problem for you until you get to I would
say several thousand dollar per day at
least but I think this right now is a
problem for you in the sense that if
you're looking for the whale people and
not just people are going to get one to
two callers from you like the whale
people I would safely assume are not
going to be looking like this guy just
for
example does that make sense
yep so let's see some of this stuff I
like this at the top quite a bit we
might want to make sure that doesn't get
cut off or
um like covered like depending on what
view you have or like what device and
stuff you have on Facebook and Instagram
this might be covered by like the
profile name and stuff especially on
reals uh so just make sure that's not
the case maybe like try and test it
one thing I would say about just the
editing is like this is this is kind of
hard to read in my
opinion like when it turns yellow or
green I really like it cuz the three
like the three main things that are
going to affect your ads are like number
one is going to be your energy and you
have great energy in these number two is
going to be your conviction and you have
great conviction and number three is
going to be your pace and I think you do
a very good job at all three of these
and the editing is great
so yeah I think that looks brilliant to
be honest so do you we'll go over it
later but how are these ads doing are
you booking calls from these ones too no
they're actually all coming from the
selfie ones right now so if you scroll
down to the bottom that one on the left
right there the one where how' you get
13 contracts that is probably 80% of the
Impressions and where all the calls come
from so far got it so are all these in
one campaign
too ye yes yes so it's just like putting
the spend to those ones basically yeah
as I told you like I don't know what the
hell I'm doing with these ads I R them
into one ad set one'll do that later I'm
just letting the algorithm do its
thing yeah like you could tell this guy
knows how to make these videos like this
is like Chris cuts and editing where
there's not like any waste and actually
is like the script of this I don't know
if he has a script or not yeah so I
wrote I wrote the scripts for it okay so
you wrote the scripts for it and these
are like way different than these
scripts are these are the same scripts
yeah so Calvin he's a client sends over
a lot of people to us and because it
kind of falls under the partnership so
we have a affiliate partnership with him
one of his videos that went viral got
like ,000 views was very similar to the
way that we structured the ad so we took
that ad that he had or not that ad that
uh video that went viral I got the
transcript and then leveraging the
script that I had for the ads of me
tried to tailor it so that it looks very
similar to how he filmed it as well as
what went viral but also with some of
the advertising stuff that we needed to
get in point okay I got it the same
feedback for this one as the other one
she like just put captions right here
and like edit in a one of those hooks
like a visual hook and I bet you it will
double the amount of people who actually
click on it MH so if these aren't
working we just kind of got to like just
try some other stuff at this point
because there's not a lot to like when
you're first starting out at advertising
there's not a lot of optimizations to
work because you just you know have to
make it work originally at the start and
that just means trying a bunch of
different ads so I would just say until
you like
what I would do until you really because
you probably have some cash to invest
until you really find out what works
with you in it just like make the videos
like this for him and then once you
really find out then you can have a nice
ad edited like that instead of having to
script it all out and then wait for the
edit and then try to do it so just like
at the start just do it like that in my
opinion what would you suggest you know
changing is it different scripts is it
different body is a combination of just
seeing what works
or is there specific things that I
should be trying out I think the some of
the footage could be more related to
actually what you're trying to do as
opposed to like just playing
pool
um I think you could have a lot of more
real estate Graphics especially in the
first like one to five seconds like you
could put your face here second one and
then like second maybe two then you have
like real estate deals and like or just
stuff with money coming out um that's a
could be a good
one like the hook the hooks are pretty
good in my opinion like especially with
the digitals but the hook is becomes
meaningless if it doesn't really relate
or doesn't capture the right kind of
person um and I suspect that a lot of
these hooks are not going to be
capturing the right type of
person just because we need to get some
visual footage they're going to people
are going to understand like what you're
talking about visually a lot faster than
what they're talking about uh with audio
or text here something that I would also
do on all of these ads
is the ad
copy is not as important as the creative
and one thing that I would do here is I
would
definitely stuff when it makes sense at
least like the word real estate in here
especially
generate 60 to 120 like real estate
leads per month or however you want to
frame it because because this is not as
important as the creative like this is
not like a newspaper ad where it's the
whole ad or something like if you stuff
the word or at least not stuff but have
the target market even more specifically
in these a lot of the case you're it's
going to actually help who is going to
show to I never believed that until I
actually tried it in so many times and
it never failed especially when you're
advertising
like B B2B with leg gen things with
e-commerce it's not as important but for
this it definitely is so I think that's
all of our ads here do you want to go
over and show your screen and like see
what the ad account looks like for this
yeah so let's go to like let's go all
the way up to the campaign if we can
okay so when did you start this it has
officially been 14
days okay so like this month though
right so this timeline is good yeah so
basically we're doing add to landing
page and we'll go over the landing page
after actually let's go over the landing
page quickly right now if you can
unshare your screen that probably make
more
sense so they're all going to this
landing page and when we're doing the
landing page we really want to like look
at it on both views
360 um pixels across times I think it's
500 and some we'll just go
500 it's typically what you're going to
get like the new iPhones it's going to
be something around that that's usually
what I do and this is not going to be a
perfect thing but it's going to be
decent as well so based on like cuz I
saw there you have like 280 clicks or
something and six calls or is it more
than that
let me pull it up again so yeah 285
clicks um four real conversions the
pixel accidentally got triggered twice
in a test and those are qualified
because you run them through the type
form but I said like other six or seven
disqualified ones got it so let's go
through it so let's go through it let's
just see how it works for now so we have
our landing page you have your vssl
let's go book a call let's put my name
and stuff in here so we have that let's
put my phone number don't text me please
if you're watching
this go okay so is your real estate
business doing at least two deals per
month or 10K per month in
Revenue I would probably put this as a
very first question just yeah so on the
type form we have partial submit so the
philosophy behind it was like Hey for
the people who start put their
information in and then go back we at
least have the ability to call them and
then sell them on our like entry level
offer which is kind of an exited process
a little bit more information on how to
get your first deal because a big
objection that we get on the sales call
is I'll get vas it sounds awesome I just
got to get my first deal first not only
do they prove themselves they can do it
but they also have Capital so we built a
program that will help them expedite
their process to getting their first
deal I got it so usually I wouldn't not
recommend putting their name and stuff
first I put that at the very end because
that's going to be the most point of
resistance in this is giving you
especially their phone number and if
they put it at the end they've already
answered all these questions they're not
going to be as likely to give up and
just exit out this form so I would
probably do that right as the start
thing are you interested in done for you
cold calling or a VA
placement because you're doing it on ads
and they're going to be I you get a wide
variety of IQ levels with these i'
probably like this to actually the word
done for you and then in Brackets we do
it for you and then put a VA like
virtual assistant placement I know you
have it right here but 80% of people
only going to read the headline to be
honest not
sure so this this for example I probably
put like maybe one line what's better
for what situation to be
honest wait what you going to say yeah
so some people come on and they want
that system where it's done for you some
people want hey I want someone in my uh
business but there's a good amount of
people who don't know what they want so
okay we'll go into the tip form a little
bit more because I have some conditional
Logic on it but that really is an
important question it's more for us to
understand like hey when we're on the
sales call what are we pitching I
understand got it what is your
consistent monthly Revenue let's just
say some mid-level
here how are you
let's just say I'm cold calling
myself please describe your targeted is
this an important question um it has no
points against it but I don't I actually
enjoy having the question you know
there's some people who are like I'm
looking to get to you know 10K a month
odds are they disqualified someone who's
going to say I want to get to 500k per
month even if they're only at 30 to the
80k range they're at least thinking
bigger and it's easier for me to have a
comp ation with someone who has that
grander Vision because from all the
calls that I've seen the people that you
know get the best results with us are
the ones who have these big Grand
Visions you know they're willing to work
their ass off to get to where they want
to be there's just some people who are
infatuated with the idea of 10K per
month and typically we've seen there a
high correlation between really bad
leads for the people who are thinking
small got
it got it I would say this is going to I
know it's probably true because some
people probably would pay that much if
they but I would say that's going to be
an extremely
unrealistic um thing where it's going to
scare people away rather than like at
least to a higher degree than it's going
to price anchor them or give them a
range don't know this so you get what
you pay for is that within your budget
yes is this a a good question for people
who want to get less than that or what
do you think about this it's actually
turn if they hit no they're
automatically disqualified but we're in
the point right now where we it's a
fresh pixel we are training it I only
want to talk to people who are of that
higher quality even if it's way less I
haven't pitched the a four caller
package one time on all the calls I have
it's been that one to two so it's kind
of just been thrown out of the way
because the hook in that attention is
that like 60 to 120 motivated sell at
leetes because for a good amount of
wholesalers that's a lot of leads that's
going to get their attention that's
going to get them to click and go
through the process but I have yet to
have someone on the call who's like okay
you know what's the package to get 60 to
120 leads most of the time they just
want one or two callers and that's what
uh we're GNA pitch them on obviously
someone who wants that is preferred but
we just don't have enough data to see
how much of an impact it has yet if
that's the case I probably would not
disqualify them with this question like
I feel like that's gonna
do you have in your type forb do you
have something that you pull up when we
show your screen like yeah progress yeah
I actually set a lead today that was
qualified but they hit no to that
question and therefore they didn't see
the thank you page yeah I don't know if
this is a good question yeah I could PST
the type form right now yeah let's pull
it up when we share your screen so now
we have submitted and now they can book
a
call so and then they can do that
so are all of these in the United States
are they elsewhere around the world like
the clients at least
99.999% are in the United States I have
a bunch of Canadian people as well
though well yeah I'm just saying for
time zone realistically
here
so I want to schedule an appointment
here just to see what the actual thing
looks like after but I'll just put test
so you can delete it
let's pull this yep so that's the page
that is uh pixeled right there so this
is the pixel page so if you don't know
what he's talking
about page yeah normally like when you
do this you just put if you're going to
do schedule a call and you have like
your offer is not just for anyone like
you're only want to pixel your like
success page so like anybody who doesn't
hit this page the data is not going back
to the Facebook pixel this will make it
so you can optimize your pixel a lot
better instead of just getting like
lowquality leads and that's part of part
of the benefit of the tip form is so
that you like don't talk to people who
aren't qualified but part of the type
form is so that you can control who hits
this page and that's like the benefit of
having a a high quality type form
right so let's see let's go through
through it all here so where are we
starting here so we're going to here
then I'm going to put this call here
into the type form if they say yes or
they're successful on the type form they
go to the kly and this is the the thank
you page right
yep got it so let's delete this let's
delete this let's get rid of some of
this stuff
now let's just
really focus on the ads here so one
thing that I think would be very strong
here and you are doing it relatively
well right but if we're going to if
we're going to arbitrarily put this 160
to0 motivated sellers we're going to
want to put that very high in the actual
ad copy too because a lot of this stuff
right here is this like for example is
the headline that's not going to show on
the actual like Instagram app other than
that it's pretty
good
definitely when we get down here like
there's two main you know thought
processes you could do right you could
have uh and they're both valid they're
both good in certain situations the
first step is like you have an opt-in
page that you can at least get their
name email phone number and that way if
they don't book a call like you could
send your emails to them and then you
can nurture them and hopefully they book
a call later the that's the pro and pros
of that the cons of that are like some
people who are qualified are not just
just not going to want to fill that out
and then you know they won't get to the
next step in my opinion especially with
your pixel that's not really working yet
or that's like brand new I would
probably keep it the way you're doing it
here but the downside of it is like when
you're driving all of this ad traffic
especially if you're spending a lot of
money right like if you don't have an
optin page there like basically what
you're saying is you know four people
out of 286 who book the calls are going
to get our email flows right now like
the other 90 90 what would that be 98
point we'll just go four or 98.6 rather
are not ever going to see your email
flows but when you do it like this and
you have the the start of it at least
you know you might get a 20 30 40% op-
in rate and then you might basically use
those email flows over time to get them
into the stuff so BAS of this alone like
type four beside this is not a great U
optin rate so like we kind of want to
preface like looking at this stuff with
that and like just visually speaking
most people are going to be on mobile so
it's not going to be as big a deal but
this is very difficult to even know
where to look on desktop I would say
like this is going to be um you're going
to do a lot better if you just do have
something that is going to be like who
what when where why how just like
sentence by sentence and then have all
of your proof like that like you you
kind of have it but it's just hard to
like know where to look like assuming
that you're click on ads you don't know
who you are you don't care about you at
all that kind of stuff and then I would
always have this like not two across
just like in one line here because we
really want to try and get that optin
rate or that call booked rate up quite a
bit because that's really not like it
might be okay because you are good at
sales and you have a good like LTV but
at the same time like we could probably
get three to four times as many calls by
fixing up this page a little bit so for
real estate agents or for Real Estate
wholesalers investors fix and flippers
like I would definitely put this in your
ads um
especially like here and I put the word
real estate there for sure like and I
would do something like you know let's
see here I would change this to are you
a real estate
wholesaler investor or flipper looking
for more leads like I would change the
first line you know to be something like
that as opposed to
um what you have there on the ad thing
because a lot of the time this Emoji is
going to be a distraction the Caps is
going to be distraction and this is just
going to be a lot more natural to read
in English at least there's certain
languages where there's nuance and it's
better to have it what you have but
English instead of like do do do are you
a real estate wholesaler investor
flipper yes I am are you looking for
more leads yes I am is what they be
thinking and then you kind of have like
in my opinion way too many like hooks
these are almost all like different
Hooks and looking to build leverage and
generate leads on autopilot I think
that's kind of a meaningless thing sick
of heavy FX sent vas that Scar the
sellers away i' would say that's a very
strong hook too but I think it's
um I think you just have like too many
different hooks there a lot of people
will like about 45% of people will click
C more like before they click on like of
the people who actually do an outbound
click they're going to see more and like
read this so I think we can clean that
up a bit um what does he have here is
his hook
yeah so his Hook is how did you get 13
contracts in a
week in your Niche is there difference
between
like like what is the the lingo or the
language like motivated sellers is that
how you're that's how they yeah so
motivated sellers is just very Niche
lingo because there's difference between
leads and then a motivated cell even
though they're pretty much the same
thing and then contracts is a direct
outcome that someone wants when they use
us because because they need leads you
get a lead you try to close them when
you close them you get under contracts
then you try to move the deal and that's
how you get paid okay so like the most
we don't want to say leads here because
that's too broad we say motivated
sellers or we would say contracts is
which is more powerful in your opinion
um we're not guaranteeing Mo contracts
because contracts is on the sales side
we are focusing on the marketing side
which is motivated sellers got it got it
so I would have something like this
instead motivated Sellers and then I
would
definitely either put this with like a
dark
background like just to visually
separate it here so if you go to what's
an
example here if we go to a different
site
here oh my God I changed my domain
earlier and now it's all like
redirecting like crazy so something like
this instead and you think just so it's
a different background you could clearly
differentiate like what it's talking
about you could be like you know
wholesalers invest real estate
wholesalers investors and flippers just
so it's like different there and then
we'll generate you
120 motiv or 60 to 120 motivated sellers
every single month probably don't need
perod here with our accent neutral is
that how you describe it like what they
understand what that means yeah where
it's just someone who doesn't have these
like thick Foreign Accents yeah yeah
very good and then check out how we
predictably get predictably motivated
sellers like this first impression from
your ad because you have a few different
ads that are working and the one that
seems to be working is he's calling it
contracts and I understand why he's
calling it that and I know you can't
guarantee that but we really want to
make sure like especially
because two reasons one congruency like
if it's different like the if it's
different in any way like we want to
have an exact match here if it's
different in any way they're going to
get some weird feeling in their stomach
just subconsciously and the second
reason is if they've clicked on the ad
with that exact language they're
obviously interested in that exact
language so we have to match it here as
well there's also a few different ways
to do a vssl like especially if you're
looking for more whales like this kind
of vsl is going to play really well with
like the mass Market people it's like
edited looks nice but for a lot of
people
um for a lot of like especially whale
clients actually having like a deck with
you just talking through it might be
better as well for like actually
converting so if you wanted to test that
you would just go to like vwo or
something and just split the traffic of
and then you can embed one vssl type in
every page and you can see over the
course of however many clicks which
one's going to be better
there's also like another way to do it
then there's like there's no real way to
tell which one's going to be the best
until you actually try it so I think
what's his name I think this guy has
one like there's this guy named Jeremy
Haynes he'll call it a deck sales letter
which DSL instead of a vssl where you go
through it it's not it oh he doesn't
have it anymore but you can kind of like
put embed a Google slide in here where
you have your your presentation and it's
just a Google slide instead and I wish I
knew who had one right now to show you
what I mean but it's basically like it
embeds it there and you can just
basically click through it and will like
flip the slides it's just like if you
had a Google slide presentation and
you're just clicking it through it so
like those three types of vsls Slash
like things for your website are really
in my opinion like worth the test
because in some ways like on your
website here you have either like five
slides in a deck or you have
like seven to 15 seconds to really like
tell them all of the information like
the people who are going to end up
converting are going to be the ones who
watched more of your vssl but even if
they only watch to 15 30 seconds like
even if they just watch to here you
really want to answer the you know what
where why how and so they at least have
like an overview or summary of what
you're offering and then you just might
have something like here too like what
we do why we do it how we do it and then
how to get started and then you have
your proof instead of like all of this
stuff that a lot of people are not going
to read like for sure the people who
have booked a call are going to probably
have read it all but the key is to get
like it's formatted in a way with
Simplicity to get more and more people
to actually read it all if that makes
sense and then we click through it and
same when we have our type form like
there's a good opportunity to have the
headline again right here for
example oops so we want to always match
it at every single step so we have it in
our ad we have it on our landing page we
have it the first thing in the vssl we
have the same headline in our type form
um we have it now that they've filled
out the type form we have it right here
again and now we have it again we have
congrats instead of your calls been
booked like you are one step closer to
getting 60 to 120 motivated sellers this
month this should probably be with
wistia I'm doing automatically I don't
think it's with wisy I don't know what
it is right now we have whsy we have
wisy on the on the other vssl yeah but
just just do it here and then confirm
your call um I don't know if this is
just me or it's like this I have a
pretty strict VPN so it could just be me
but now we want to instead of your like
you could do this but in step four you
want to like put all of your
testimonials here again you want to like
give them the information here that they
would be like thinking about or asking
on the call anyway if that makes sense
so we basically want to put you know
some FAQs here we want to put some more
proof here and all that kind of stuff
and let's go to this growth
guide that's good too match the headline
there so we want to match the headline
throughout all of this so let's do that
here so we have like to summarize
like if this ad's working this ad's
working just basically have it put the
visual hook put the subtitles and I bet
you it's going to do twice as good go
and try to find some ugc creators to
basically read the script again for you
if you're you know if it's doing better
than what you're doing here let's at
least try it with different and
hopefully older demographics who are
more likely to have companies that need
way more colors and then we want to
match the headline and like make it more
clear and simple in my opinion you don't
really need especially with the Target
demographic you're going after you don't
really need that long of a page I'd also
have this like I said before as um one
line instead of two so you don't have to
like your eyes stting through these and
then booking a call very good you could
also put apply now because you have an
application it might be a bit better I'd
also have this like put their contact
information at the end instead just
because once they've kind of gone
through it all like I said they're not
going to want to go through it or kind
of throw it away and not complete their
application so definitely have the
headlines everywhere and all that kind
of stuff between like the call here like
when you're doing it for ads I would
recommend having a separate cal.com or a
separate Kenly or whatever um and
basically for several reasons the first
reason is then like you can just well
you could do this anyway but I would
always recommend you don't have any
calls more than 48 hours out with pay ad
just because the no-show rate will be a
lot higher you might have a good no show
rate like you might have a good show
rate right now but that is just like the
law of averages and especially you want
to have a separate cly because when you
have a separate cly you can use and you
can trigger basically with with zappier
or make.com you can trigger like a
pre-call flow and if you do it with your
normal cly at least if you don't use the
API if you're just doing off the shelf
no code Solutions like zap here m come
like this preall flow would trigger
every time anybody books a call for any
event that's why you'd have it separate
and then when like in this 24 to 48
hours when they book The call you just
want to blast them with kind of like
what I said before faq's uh social proof
industry insights that like be between
them booking the call and them like
having the call they should be more
pre-framed with this preall flow yeah
can show you a little bit about what it
looks like right now ghl and then the
email flows love my screen so let's do
that and then we'll go over the actual
ad account sweet
sweet so we start in uh let's make sure
this is the right
one yeah we have this monster of a
workflow right here looks makes me
excited so triggers you get a
confirmation SMS this is a green message
can you zoom in a little bit or squirrel
in a little
bit so trigger confirmation you get a
green text message this is just like
classic hey we got your appointment we
want it to be green yeah and I got that
too for like proof it's right
here so then depending on where it comes
from it's either going to go down to
some of the ones that we help real
estate agents solar online services
others but most importantly it's going
to go down to the real estate wholesale
flow boom notification and slack adds
master sheet
qualified and then this is where the fun
stuff comes in from so this is uh the
first email where it's going to be like
hey thanks for the confirmation and then
it's going to send the pre-call resource
which is that gamma doc but then when we
go over to uh convert kit you know you
brought up Jeremy Haynes and I stole
this from him he calls it the hammer
them flow
yeah let's see where is my sequences
this is relatively new that we added so
they get 18 emails over the next 48
hours handling pretty much every
objection that we got so we took every
sales transcript that we had over the
past two months we threw that into chat
gbt and it gave us a list of most common
objections and questions in order from
most frequent to least frequent and
that's how we answer these emails how
much do they really have no accents a
little bit about us testimon
how we qualify all these little things
that are moving them on further down the
football field because you know if they
book a call they're on the 20 yard line
obviously as a sales rep it sucks when
they show up to the call on the 20 yard
line and you got to explain them
everything and then by the time you
actually explain what you do you don't
have time to handle objections versus
you know this email flow is trying to
move them as fast as possible so combine
that with the gamma Dock and that's how
we're getting people at you know the 60
70 yard line don't have the social proof
or the content status yet that maybe
some of these other offers have using
the same methods but that's what we're
trying to build out so back to the ghl
flow we also have a send blue which is
now sending uh blue text messages and
this has helped increase our show up
rate by 10% already yeah it's pretty sad
that's so
true yeah so send blue and then we just
have a bunch of these other messages and
if they don't reply we send some more
more if they reply and confirm we're all
good and so far in terms of ads that
have been qualified leads it's been 100%
show breing so far four for four we get
a bunch of disqualified leads and I
still call and set if I'm gonna pay 50
bucks for a lead I'm gonna get their ass
on the calendar those don't show at all
which is with the same uh flow same
everything but that's why they're
disqualified typically the more
disqualified the prospect the less
likely they are to show up anybody who
is competent and understands how
calendar Works odds are they're showing
up nine times out of 10 yeah and you're
like a good person to talk to because a
lot of just normal agency owners would
not have anything like this but I guess
that's your service
right so that's very good so the only
thing that's like not is cause for
concern like if you go back to convert
kit like it's a let's see like the
actual reports
there like of these open rates and it
like 18 and no is probably like an
aggressive amount to be honest
but but yeah it's better than having
none or not like enough and I love I I I
follow the H Rhythm strategy like Jeremy
Haynes when he does that like that in
his like deck sales letter have worked
very well for me over the last year
maybe do you also do retargeting ads as
part of this or you're getting them up
we just launched ads for the uh for the
first time ever this is is my first time
I've ever run any type of AD except for
when I was back in college and I
searched up how to make money online and
it said affiliate marketing so I tried
to do some like clickbanks [__] and I
didn't know what the [__] I was doing
other than that I've never run ads
before that's my main business of media
buying
affiliate so yes so that looks good for
now let's go into your ad account and
actually like look at the numbers
because that's probably going to be the
most important part here so basically
what is that total spend so that's what
600 let's see $680 I believe is where
we're at right now $680 basically and
then there it's divided by four right
yep so 170 costs and these are all
qualified yeah these are all qualified
so so $170 per qualified call and then
you've closed one maybe yeah so I had
third the fourth call today and you know
before we hopped on here I got the
verbal consent that he was going to be
paying contract an invoice was already
sent out and he's texting me right now
saying hey can you fix some things so
pretty much good to go pretty much good
to go so with paid ads and it kind of
depends but I will typically like are
you you're doing these calls right yep
and then I have one as well so typically
like you're probably better at training
sales reps than most people but
typically like from Paid ads you're
going to get something like 25 to 40%
close rate as the founder mostly closer
to 25% if unless you're like sick as
[__] and then as a rule of fumb that I
usually do and it's usually pretty
accurate like that all of your sales
reps with paid ads are going to get
roughly half your close rate um as the
founder and I know like this is very
early so we can't say that you haven't
closed those other three right like we
could close them right but let's just
say it's 25% right now so if you it's
25% you know basically your customer
acquisition cost is going to be like
what you have here so you know one 7
divide times four like $680 is your
current customer acquisition cost so in
some ways like your in your LTV is gonna
be several times more than that some
ways like this is good enough yeah so in
a lot of ways like people watching this
like this is already good enough you
know like you could just leave these ads
turn up the ad spend and just based on
pure math like it's going to be good
enough but that being said like we the
main thing I see from these things so
let's go left to right because I think I
told you to set that these columns
already right so in my columns I always
do CPM CTR all which is they clicked on
anything like see more they clicked on
your profile they clicked on outbound
they clicked on like whatever comment
outbound CTR is the percentage people
who click to your website outbound
clicks percentage to your website cost
per outbound click for sure results will
be whatever you do this should be four
yeah so this case it be scheduled though
and then we'd set up our ads for
schedule here if we were doing lead
magnet ads we' do leads we were doing
application or registration we'd be
doing that like for a webinar or
something our result rate is the
percentage of people who do the result
as outbound clicks so in this case
schedules hook rate is people who do
three seconds or more through play is 15
seconds or more or if the ad is less
than 15 seconds like a full ad and then
the amount spent is the amount spent so
basically what we're saying here is if
we do four divided by 28 six we have a
1.39% result rate and even with a um
like a really strict type form like that
is going to be your main constraint here
so basically what we're doing here if
you go scroll left our main constraint
is going to be our landing page so we
really want to the first thing I always
do is do three variations of the landing
page or two the main headline a
different headline and different
headline and then the next one I'm going
to do is the like the edited vssl versus
the like just going through a dock like
kind of chill vssl and then a deck sales
letter like Jeremy Haynes like you
follow and like those are the first two
tests that I'm going to do and like when
you get enough ad traffic and it sounds
like you are on your way to getting good
enough ad traffic like that is like
where we need to focus all of our time
like I wouldn't even be creating new ads
right now I would be trying to fix my
landing page and trying to balance the
type form to where people who are
disqualified are disqualified versus is
you know just getting you know opening
it up to make it a little easier do you
have those tight form things right now
yeah let me pull that up
quick so do you have like let's go do
you have the uh in can you go to the
insights
tab like if you go to the if you like
upgraded your plan in theory like here I
think I have a Max upgraded do you have
it
well this like that insights tab is
especially as you get a huge sample size
like that actually is very very useful
yeah I have another I have we have
another one and I know for a fact I've
seen the insights there so I don't know
why it's not working let's go to
results maybe like it's a different
account or something yeah I gotta figure
it out because we were able to see the
insights on like what questions they
dropped off on I saw this before yeah
like that's what you're really going to
want to do and I would suspect that last
question that we went before for like
can you afford 10 callers or whatever
the drop off that's where the drop off
is yeah I would I would honestly like
remove that to be honest at least try
and at least like because you're at the
very beginning you don't really know
what's going to work like no one does at
the beginning and I would really do that
because I think taking out that question
might get you like two to three times
the result rate right am minute like
right away and your cost per call will
go from like 170 to 85 or maybe even
lower
I think that's a very big thing that we
need to be doing or trying like I
probably do that
immediately and let's go back to the
individual ads I want to see like the
metrics and like what percentage of
spend is
so so
basically yeah majority of the spend let
me it's hard to say like if your ads are
really [__] right now like the ones you
filmed versus like cuz they really
haven't got enough spent like if we go
to the result rate like
with that many clicks you don't really
know like especially with a type form
that strict like it's just not a big
enough sample
size u in my opinion so let's go to the
left if we
can do you know which of these do you
have hyros or something do you know
which of these ads actually got the
calls yeah I do have hyros let me uh put
up right
here ah
so it's really this so basically it's
really yeah it's really that one and
that's your cost per qualified call 150
like it's really that one isn't
it
so so some other metrics like I think
the action steps of this like a summary
of This Hour are like fix the landing
page up a bit just make it like easier
to understand in the format do the first
split test of variations of the headline
or let's not even do that fix up the
landing page a bit match the headline
exactly on every step like the question
the ad the question on the landing page
on top of the type form in the cly on
the thank you page the next thing is to
take out that thing on the type form the
last question for sure the fourth one is
to take that 13 contracts ad and add the
visual hook and add the captions
underneath his chin and then the fifth
one is going to be test the vssl edited
versus a vssl of you just going through
a document versus you embedding a Google
Slides I think those five things like
are going to like probably triple your
ads like Effectiveness if I had to
predict and then you can just spend five
times 10 times much on ads right away
and it will make sense for you like
these ads do make sense for you quite a
bit
mathematically already like you could
just do none of this stuff in increase
the ad spin but I think if you did those
five things yeah two to three times for
sure in terms of like going from 170 or
I guess in this one 150 cost per call to
like 100 or 50 right away mhm got it
these are yeah so keep the ads at the
same except for those little tweaks on
the 13 contracts as well as kind of like
freshen up the appearance because we
have some alternative ugc options for
those ones as well is it from him as
well no no no it's going to be from uh
my brother Daniel because he has similar
results as Calvin just from his
experience wholesaling too so okay we're
able to make the same type of like
selfie video and not really be lying
about the results sure like try to stick
to the same script and do the same
editing for his too um like especially
that visual hook so we have the the
three to seven like word sentence like
this visual Hook is going to be like
it's going to show up in the thumbnail
in the feed or if it's in the feed or
it's going to like the first like even
less than one second when they're
scrolling through the reals or they're
scrolling on the stories of the explore
page that's going to be what Hooks them
in so like three to seven words like
matches the it's like a like a turns the
hook if it's a question into a sentence
and then one of them is a different
color to like emphasize it and then also
put like either something that's more
credible yourself um what was the other
ones what they're going to learn or
before and after like before and after
might be good like someone sad in the
background now they have tons of leads
or someone who's poor and now they have
tons of leads and that's going to be
like not even one second like the visual
hook it's not like you just have it
there and then it goes off and now it's
just the captions under his chin and
it's going to be the more like you're
going to turn that you know outbound
click-through rate or probably your hook
rate from like 30% I think I saw it to
60% and all else thing being equal
you're going to double your outbound
clickthrough rate and your CTR all and
you're also going to get because the ads
are going to perform better you're going
to get a lower CPM because it's higher
quality you know more people are
clicking better engagement rank quality
and conversion ranking and you're going
to get cheaper cpms as well as better ad
placements so I think you have a good
opportunity to get to like $50 cost per
qualified call in my
opinion through all of this stuff just
the ads the type form the landing page I
think it's going to be good for
you hell
yeah but that's it for today do you have
anything else you want to talk
about
H I
guess how do you develop the system
to get all this information that you
just you because you know you make it
look easy as someone who's just starting
out I tell everybody a B+ salesman I'm a
D+ business owner I absolutely [__]
suck at what I do and I look at you know
you I look at Orosi all these people who
I feel like can just like talk so in
depth about all this highle stuff if you
had to reverse engineer that Learning
System to speed up that process to get
there what does that look like I'd
probably just learn every stuff of the
way there like so you learn the hook of
your ad you learn the copywriting of the
ad you learn how to make a landing
page um I don't know I just been at it
for 12 years and I used to like manage
Fortune 500 [__] like for the first like
six years of that where they would just
have
like $12 million or $30 million to spend
like in q1 of whatever the year and like
they want to see some
results it's like not going to be very
good for you yeah but if we're taking a
step back and it was like okay within
those first one to two three years where
you were spending all this money but
maybe you weren't as certain that
[__] we doing what was that process
like in order
I had a really good Mentor which is not
like duplicatable advice I had a mentor
who used to be the COO of ogul V
advertising so it's like it's like it's
the best you could probably get for that
you know gotta get [__] lucky yeah so
yeah he's like a family he was a family
friend um and we started like a Facebook
adage he like retired from the New York
Life and like came home to where we live
in Canada and we just ran it up until he
retired so it's just kind of like
that's the non- duplicatable version but
like you know all that appointment
setting stuff for example and calling is
you that's your agency but you know like
for me like my agency was Facebook ads
that are doing lead genen so I would
have to know that stuff yeah because I
got I gotta get cracked in marketing
it's yeah you the fulfil is pretty
dialed in in order to get to those you
know multi-million dollar per month it's
just marketing and sales marketing and
sales because our Tam is pretty wide
it's not calling for Real Estate could
scale very much
horizontally let me share my screen I'll
wrap it up here let's just do some like
math because you could actually like
really figure this
out let me share my
screen do you know what your churn rate
is yeah it's probably 30% right now like
monthly yeah and what like let's get
some numbers so churn 30% that's you got
to decrease that [__] for sure so what
is your um a let's let's just say
average order value is around 1,700
lifetime value is around 8 and
a5k so aov is
sorry uh 1,700 a
month okay and then LTV so
LTV is that true yeah okay because
majority of my clients are these
packages that are you know 1 ,300 for
six months so after six months it's
around 88.2k 16.99 for four months you
know we have some packages that are 750
a month right so let's just say let's go
to chat
GPT so let's just see so basically if I
want to do 1
million used to have to add this up my
average value is 1,700 per month and I
have a 30% churn rate how many clients
do I need might not be the proper way to
word it
but like a better way would be like what
Target so you have to have 588 clients
at that numbers right but you're also
going to lose 176 clients per month due
to churn so we really got to fix that
churn problem and that's and I I don't
know if churn is it's obviously always a
problem with us and the service could
always be better but just the target
market that we have is these wholesalers
where it's inherently a bizop where sure
good am people that we get it's like
unsophisticated business owners and it's
not that the product sucks it's just
that the long sales cycle they suck at
sales so they just run out of money
before things
materialize right so let's just say like
so you need to get if you had the
average order value 588 clients per
month I'd probably try to double the
average order value somehow and get half
of that and then you're going to need to
maintain a bunch of clients to like get
that much right so let's just say we
wanted to get 588 clients and ignored a
lot of this just
because it's gonna be hard to do in a
Google doc without like ignoring a hefty
amount of it right so so if we had 588
clients let's just say we maintain that
25% CL close rate right so 580 Time 4
which is 25% close rate which no matter
how good you get you're really not gonna
at scale gonna be better than that with
uh paid traffic or cold email like any
cold traffic so we basically need you
should probably remember that here
2352 do I have really bad short for
memory loss or what so we need two this
many calls so basically if we needed
2352 times
100 you know we would need to spend 2
35,200 in ad spent over however long
this is not accounting for the actual
like CH but like realistically you're
going to need 200 2000 like a surplus of
um
2003 2352 calls and then monthly you
were going to need because we're
turnning 176 per month
and then we're going to need basically
704 calls per
month calls per month to maintain once
we get there if that makes sense so
basically we're gonna have to get 704
calls per month plus divide that
Surplus by however many months right so
if we wanted to do that let's just say
we want to do that 10 more months in
2024 right 2025 r so basically if we did
2352 my God here I'm getting wrecked
divided by 10 months is
235.68 calls to maintain right and
that's over time over 10 months that is
going to get us those
2,352 Surplus calls I finally um finally
set it properly so basically if we want
to get that that is going to be 900 and
39.2 calls per month so if we get it
down to let's just say we maintain at
that $100 cost per qualified
call that means we are going to do you
know
93,000
$920 in ad spend per month divided by 30
equals could just probably say 31,000
here just to keep it simple equals
basically like just over ,000 $33 in ad
spend per day like if we just did this
at those numbers like we would get there
to a million dollars a month not like
that is starting at zero with just paid
ads too like you're already at 200k a
month we're yeah we're already booking
around 200 organic
calls so that's just real estate too so
you could say like though you could like
just do I would probably just focus on
this math and just try to get this like
let's just say a thousand calls per
month with paid ads and then use the
other ones as like a buffer MH and then
you'll get you'll get there for sure
like you could get this to a million
dollars a month even with the ads that
you have right now if you just TW it's
gonna get dialed
in if you increase like the rule of 72
is like a rule of compound interest so
if you do 72 divided by 10 for example
in the stock market it'll take you 70
7.2 years to double your money
if you do this so let's just say you
improved your ads by 18% you improved
your type form by 18% you improved your
we say type form cly thank you Page by
18% for example you do your landing page
by 18% and your vssl by 18% you will
double the amount that your ads spend is
effective and it's not that hard to
improve stuff by like 18% probably
improve them all by like 36% or not even
all of them you could make your ads
twice as good you could make your
Landing AG five times as good if you
wanted to and like that's how you scale
because as you spend more on ads like
the performance is going to go down as
it shows to a broader and broader Market
but so you if you want to like if you
wanted to 10x your ad spin you probably
have to it's hard to say but you
probably have to make everything work
three times better to get the same costs
per qualified call with more ad spend
just because you know if it's you're
telling it to spend 2,000 a day versus
200 it has to like 200 people $200 per
day might get like the peak people but
now there's only so many Peak people
that are looking to buy this and now it
goes further and further out so that's
why the performance usually goes
down but anything else for today you
think that's all that's all okay well
very very good so hope that was useful